plugins/modules/import_eks.py import-2.6 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/import_eks.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/import_eks.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/import_eks.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py import-2.6 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py import-3.5 # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/import_utils.py compile-3.5!skip # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py import-2.6 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py import-3.5 # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/module_utils/addon_utils.py compile-3.5!skip # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py import-2.6 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py import-3.5 # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/cluster_proxy_addon.py compile-3.5!skip # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py import-2.6 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py import-3.5 # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/modules/managed_serviceaccount_addon.py compile-3.5!skip # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/inventory/ocm_managedcluster.py compile-2.6!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/inventory/ocm_managedcluster.py compile-2.7!skip # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/inventory/ocm_managedcluster.py compile-3.5!skip # Python 3.5 is not supported
plugins/inventory/ocm_managedcluster.py import-2.7 # Python 2.x is not supported
plugins/inventory/ocm_managedcluster.py import-3.5 # Python 3.5 is not supported
